laya 16th century Japan brave men ride
into battle
with their only hope
a golden scepter that can open the gates
now in their darkest hour
come four brave fighters from another
time
another place another species you're
expecting maybe the Addams Family
they're back and they're back in time
most before demons defeated my ancestors
they've come back for me
talk about your quantum leap my cannons
can destroy these monsters my lord this
doesn't bode well
stop we gonna get home
somebody down line one one feeling we're
gonna be here for a very long time
looks rescue I've ever had but it was a
frog hell wasn't an ancestor new line
cinema presents a leg Rama
shall we the four greatest turtles Hey
it's not just a job it's an adventure
ever to go down in history it's just
your ordinary a time travel equal mass
displacement got a kid's Teenage Mutant
Ninja Turtles free help on the turtle
and I can't get up